Greetings,
I hope this email finds you in good health and high spirits.
We are a team of 15 students from the Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Thiruvananthapuram (IISER TVM), India, and we are writing to you with great enthusiasm. We are currently working on a project for the International Genetically Engineered Machine (iGEM), the World’s Biggest synthetic biology competition, where teams from across the globe use genetic engineering and synthetic biology to create solutions for real-world problems. The Jamboree competition is annually held from 13 to 16 November in Paris, France.


Previous teams from our institute have been awarded Best Undergraduate Fashion and Cosmetics Project and Best Project Promotional Video (2024), Best Undergraduate Diagnostics Project and Best Human-centric Project (2023), GOGEC Best Project award (2022) as well as several other nominations, which helped our sponsors receive worldwide publicity and recognition.

We are developing a natural bio-technique to rehabilitate waste mine lands and extract rare earth elements, supporting India's National Semiconductor Scheme. By safely removing poisonous heavy metals from the earth and making them usable again, our solution advances Atma Nirbhar Bharat, as envisioned by our Honorable PM, while aligning perfectly with <company>'s CSR in environment and innovation.


Being a responsible corporate entity, we believe your organization recognises the significance of contributing and supporting causes that positively impact the community. Hence we would like to negotiate a sponsorship with your company. We'll be thrilled to have you as a partner in representing this idea globally, which will significantly influence various sectors, both public and private.


As a promising team with well-defined goals, we can connect you with various prestigious institutes and assist you in developing your network through our promotional activities on our media and PR content, as well as through our outreach programmes, research, and presentations. We shall promote your organization across all of our outreach activities, social media platforms, website, offline talks/events, and on a global platform, as well as during our presentation at the Annual Grand Jamboree in Paris in front of scientists, engineers, academicians and entrepreneurs worldwide.


We believe this collaboration would be mutually beneficial, allowing your organisation to showcase itself to a global audience. Additionally, we are open to exploring further opportunities for collaboration and helping you promote your future endeavours.


Please take a look at the attached brochure for more details. If you are interested in discussing this further or have any queries, please do not hesitate to contact us -


Aiswariya Rajendran : 7012631510
Kota Janardhana Sai : 9010149711
Aaryaman Rastogi : 7870693777


We appreciate your consideration and look forward to hearing from you.


Regards,
iGEM Sponsorship Team
IISER Thiruvananthapuram.
